I just
bought this entire grocery store,
which includes enough food
to literally feed an entire city.
And then I decided to trap
this random guy inside.
And every day you live here, I will
give you $10,000 in a grocery cart.
That's wild, dude. Let's go.
- Well I'll give it to you in 24 hours.
- Okay.
This challenge could literally
make Alex a multimillionaire,
which in theory means
he could be in here for years.
And it starts right now.
All right, Jimmy's gone.
Why would I ever leave?
I could be here for years.
Time to go grocery
shopping, baby.
Now, if Alex crosses this red line,
that we painted around the entire
perimeter of the grocery store.
The challenge is over, and he walks
away with his current winnings.
And to make sure
he stays inside.
It's worth noting here
that we have countless cameras
covering every square
inch of the grocery store.
For my first meal on night one,
I guess I'll cook this steak.
I think this is
just going to be home base.
This little
corner of the grocery store.
If I have meals like this every night,
I'll easily be here for years.
Day one, complete. See you in the morning.
It is officially been 24 hours,
and I got the first 10 grand.
- Alex.
- Hey.
Can you feel this and confirm it's $10,000?
It is.
I believe you.
Now, we introduced the twist
of the challenge.
Basically,
to receive the daily $10,000
you need to give me $10,000
in product from the store.
And so you have to strategize
what order to get rid of these items
to stay here as long as possible.
Okay.
Conveniently,
there's a lot of electronics over there
that are pretty
expensive for day one.
That's probably a good idea.
I can't really eat a TV,
so it's no use to me.
You're $0.22 over.
All right, let me check out.
- Do you have an MVP card?
- No.
- Would you like one?
- Do you want to sign up for it?
- No.
Here's your cash.
Kris, take it away.
I will see you tomorrow
with another $10,000 in cash.
You should start strategizing
what you're going to sell me.
This changes everything.
I got to start strategizing for the future.
I have to figure out all of
the stuff that I need to get rid of.
Pet food, pet items.
Jimmy cannot pay me
to eat this stuff, I swear.
I got $10,000
worth of dog food right here.
I think I'm just going to get some rest,
wake up early...
because I'm going to have to prep
more items tomorrow.
I got a lot of work ahead of me.
- Alex.
- What's up Jimmy?
Is that what you're selling to me
today?
Today it's dog food.
Oh, my gosh.
It's going to take us forever to move.
Wait, can we do like a...
I let him clap.
Transition, go for it.
There we go.
It's all over here at the register.
Isn't that a cool effect?
I love Beast magic.
We're at $9,991.80,
And for the final item,
we are now at $10,045.
And something you should know.
Every single item Alex sells to me,
we're literally going to donate
to charity.
So don't worry, none of
this is going to go to waste.
The next few days
were kind of a breeze for Alex.
On day five,
he sold me $10,000 worth of produce.
All this produce here,
they're going to go bad very fast.
On day six, he sold me a bunch of diapers.
And on days seven, eight and nine,
he cleared out an additional
$30,000 worth of products.
He even discovered
the backroom of the store,
and since he hasn't showered in 10 days,
he built his very own makeshift shower...
and laundry system.
- Hey, how's it going?
- What's up, Jimmy?
All right,
as of now, give me an honest answer.
How far do you think
you're going to go?
Oh, I mean,
I feel like 100 days for sure.
Oh, boy.
Depending on how long Alex lasts,
this may just become
my most expensive video ever,
but I'm prepared for that.
Holy crap, dude.
I don't care if you go a year,
I got the money.
Who put all this in here,
is what I want to know?
The bank.
You will get this once
I get my $10,000 in items.
All right,
today I have more TVs.
Who goes to a grocery store
to buy a TV?
Why are these here?
Now, Alex, be honest with me.
Did you empty out
any of these TV boxes,
fill them with rocks and keep the TV?
Dogs.
All right. I trust him.
Even though
that was not what I was asking.
Approaching day 11,
Alex began to get pretty efficient
at picking which items to sell.
$10,001.89.
And since I had to leave to go film a video
where I stranded myself on an island...
This is not comfortable.
But let's pray we get like
30 minutes of sleep tonight.
We had someone else
drop off the money for Alex.
We call him "The Money Man".
It's "The Money Man".
Thank you, sir.
$100,000.
I can definitely reach a million.
And what he did
with the rest of his time
to keep himself
entertained was interesting.
I am building a cheeseball wall.
It's done.
The great wall of cheese balls.
Oh, yeah baby.
Here we go.
Three, two, one...
It was worth it.
It was so worth it.
On day 13,
Alex decided to upgrade
his shower because...
It's a piece of crap.
What I'm going to do,
is use four of these shelves
to reinforce the shower.
Okay, here we go.
I am going to use plastic liner,
drape it across here.
The walls are waterproof now.
All right,
You got to give it to him.
This man is literally constructing
a functioning shower
out of just raw store parts.
And there it is.
Shower's done.
Time to test it.
Okay.
It's been a few days in here.
I'm going to build a wall.
Now, I never thought I'd see this,
but Alex literally used
all the water bottles
in the entire store to build walls
for his makeshift shelter.
He even created a bed
using all of the toilet paper
and it looked kind of comfortable.
This is pretty cozy.
I could fall asleep right here.
I got to get to scan in,
kind of had my eyes
on these bad boys for a while.
Gift cards.
These things are freaking expensive.
It is actually surprising
how expensive birthday cards are.
Because Alex was able to hit his
$10,000 mark only using the cards.
And after I got back
from filming at the island...
- Hey, Jimmy.
- Hey, it's been a while.
Alex wanted to see if we could help him
use the forklift in the back of the store.
You know, if you could get it in
the store, that'd be super helpful.
You're sure you're going
to let Kris drive this?
Yeah.
Three, two...
Alright.
Not the bakery.
I think maybe one more.
Yeah.
Hey, it's in.
Yes!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Enjoy your forklift.
We'll see you tomorrow.
Even though it's only been a day
since he last saw me,
it seemed like Alex
really started to miss me.
At least that's the only explanation
I have for what he's about to do.
I saw this
cut out of Jimmy over here.
We're going to be hanging out a lot,
you and I.
He's just going to watch,
make sure I don't lose count.
Just scanning away for another 10k.
$10,000.33
Over the next few days,
Alex's efficiency was through
the roof,
thanks to his new forklift.
So he even had enough time
to upgrade his bed.
and it was quite the improvement.
It's is so much better.
And even though Alex's original goal
was to get a million dollars...
I think we're going
for a mil on this one.
I hope not. He started documenting
what he'd spend the money on
and came to realize maybe he didn't
need to stay as long as he thought.
A million dollars is nice in theory.
I'm still missing out
time with my boys.
Both their birthdays are coming up
in the next two months.
I've never missed a birthday yet.
So after thinking about
what I want to put the money toward,
I realized that I need to
at least make $500,000.
But right now, I only have $200,000.
So in total, I got 50 days,
I got to be in here
almost halfway there.
On day 22,
Alex decided to absolutely decimate
all the goldfish in the grocery
store.
Oh, my God.
Okay, so this is $10,000
worth of goldfish.
I could feed an army of toddlers.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
You're living a regular life
now. Almost.
You're getting paid
ten grand a day to miss your family.
Yeah.
And you can just do this
however long you want.
Yeah.
And you can just do this
however long you want.
However long you want.
As you can see, the days
started blending together for Alex.
But eventually, the day came
where he decided to sell the water
that he originally used for his shelter.
But since he couldn't
sell the empty shelves in the store,
he realized
they make pretty good walls.
I'm going to reinforce
the house with metal shelves.
This is the way.
As you can see, Alex is feeling
pretty at home now.
But what he doesn't know is
when I bought this grocery store,
I stopped
paying the electricity bill.
So at any point now,
all the power's going to cut off
and his freezers won't work,
the lights won't work, and so much more.
The challenge is going to get way harder.
But to give them some motivation
before things get pretty crazy.
We thought Alex deserved a reward.
- Are you excited to see your dad?
- Yes.
- You ready to do this?
- Yeah.
I think he might literally cry.
This is gonna be crazy.
Alex, we have a surprise for you.
Hello.
- Oh, my babies!
- We brought some special guests
Hi buddy!
Yesterday, you were telling me about
how much you miss your family.
I felt kind of bad.
So to celebrate 30 days,
we're gonna
to let you spend the day with them.
What are you doing? You crazy boy.
Daddy, I need to go pee.
What's happening
with all the boxes on the floor?
I made a race car track.
- Is that the car?
- Yeah
Wait, can he ride that?
What do you think, dude?
There they are.
I can't believe that you guys are here.
I know.
- Dada.
- Come here.
Today, I got to see Sarah and the boys.
It was freaking amazing.
And Sarah was as beautiful as ever.
- I love you.
- Bye.
- Bye buddy, I love you.
Heart break.
When I saw my kids,
I mean, they looked different to me,
you know at that age,
they grow weekly.
I just look forward to going back
home, spending time with my family.
What's up? I better get up
and start scanning stuff now.
We're gonna...
What the heck? Why are the lights off?
What are these shenanigans?
There's a flashlight.
It's just some kind of joke?
Houston, we have a problem.
Did you do this, sir?
Knock, knock.
This is so much creepier.
My power's out, Jimmy.
Yes, so when I bought this grocery store,
they gave me a form to put,
like, the utilities in my name,
and I just never filled it out.
The cameras and cash registers
are hooked up to a generator
because we need those.
So what am I looking at over here?
Okay, so I had originally $60,000
ready to go.
Oh, my gosh.
But I assumed
now that the power went out,
You're going to sell the frozen
stuff...
Yeah. Things have changed.
We need to get to scan it.
Let's get rid
of these hot meats.
Assembly line.
All right, I'll hold the cart.
I'm the door holder.
And while they're clearing out
the freezers,
I want to tell you guys
about Shopify.
Shopify
help pay for this grocery store.
And in exchange,
wanted me to promote
one of the millions of businesses
they support in power.
If only we had a bag that we could
put these things in to keep it cold.
And together we picked Kanga Coolers.
Chandler, what if I told you,
there's a 12 pack of soda inside of it?
And it can keep what's inside cold
for up to seven hours.
That's a long time.
You got multi wieners.
You got single wieners.
- Cheesy.
- Cheesy wieners.
Kanga Coolers are
lightweight and insulated,
so you can take them wherever.
Hey, meet us at the front.
Chandler, have you ever been
a cashier before?
- Yeah.
- Wait, did you double scan that? Hold up.
You can have the Kanga Cooler.
You can fit a
human head in here.
Anyways, click the link in the description,
download the shop app right now.
You can buy a Kanga Cooler.
I'm going to go help them
scan some meat.
All right, here's our meat receipt.
Here's your 10 grand.
Also, here's a Kanga Cooler.
Oh, nice.
Oh by the way Alex,
I’m going to Africa for a week
At this point, I once again had to
leave to go film a video in Africa
where I built a hundred wells.
Well number one is a success.
Alex spend the rest of his day
rushing to get all the frozen
food sold so it can be donated.
Guess I'll just be scanning stuff
in the dark from now on.
I really hope Jimmy turns the power on.
It's going to suck.
I'm not going to lie.
Being left without power affected
Alex way more than I thought it would.
I guess the food wasn't
the only thing getting checked out.
I wonder if you can tip over a forklift?
Careful on aisle seven.
This store is turning into a wasteland.
So I'm going to the back.
I'm going to open up this dock door
and let some daylight hit my face,
breathe in some fresh air
because this is not going to do it.
It's so nice.
This right here
will give me through the dark days.
It is day 36.
I got $360,000.
Why stop now?
Got to keep loading these carts up.
Got a lot of food to get through.
Just carts and pools of money.
And waiting,
waiting for the days to go by.
The most exciting part of my day
is being this close to the red line.
I'm just a sad,
old miserable boy back here.
Nothing's ever been sadder in my life,
except living in a grocery store.
Coffee, food, and a lot of money.
I'm like way ahead on checkouts still.
I don't want to do anything,
there's nothing to do.
All that stands between me,
my wife, my kids,
is this line right here.
The lights being off,
being this close to the red line,
realizing I can go see my family.
It's super tempting every day now
I know there's
a bunch of pallets back there still
that I haven't even dug into.
Some glasses.
Ice packs.
What the...
Look what I just found.
InstaStart QuickPack lantern.
Nice.
I got five of them.
I just lit them all up.
They're on full blast right now.
It definitely lights up
the entire space really well.
I feel like I can actually
hang out in here again.
Alex, are you here?
- Another 10k?
- Yeah
Let's go, dude.
It's crazy I have all this money.
But there's nothing I can do
with this money while I'm in here.
Except just look at it.
Well, you can't look at it.
It's so dark in here.
- So I'm going to bring some lights in.
- Are you serious?
For filming purposes.
Alright.
What are you going to do for
the rest of the time you're in here?
Something I definitely want to do
is go ahead and just run
through all these shells
with the forklift.
You ask for this!
What is going on?
All right.
Time for me to not be here anymore.
We'll see you tomorrow.
Here's your broom.
Thanks, guys.
Enjoy cleaning.
After spending an entire day
cleaning up Kris's mess,
Alex took advantage of the newly
opened space to set up a pool
he found in the back.
Off we go.
I'm going to drag the hose out here,
stick it in this pool,
and sometime tomorrow
we'll have a grocery swimming pool.
It's been over a week, and Chandler
won't tell me what happened
while I was gone.
This place looks
completely different.
Oh God, open the doors.
I got to see this.
Where did everything go?
We did a little remodeling
while you were gone.
This looks like someone gave Kris
a forklift. Everything makes sense now.
- Can you show me the pool?
- Yeah, you want to get in?
Flip.
Do you wear socks?
Yeah.
That's crazy.
It's freezing.
Cannonball.
What you typically do
in the pool?
I just kind of float around.
This was fun and all,
but I think we should check out.
Thanks for the groceries.
Enjoy your pool.
All right, I'm just going
to grab everything from the back
and just put it up
here, organize it.
And who knows?
Maybe there's some fun in there.
It's no secret at this point,
Alex was pretty tired,
and while he was making
his rounds in the forklift,
something unexpected happened.
Oh, crap.
No!
Oh God!
Dude!
No!
Oh my God.
I was trying to turn one way, and
it just went the opposite direction.
Oh, my God.
My freaking money is soaked.
There's a bunch of products ruined.
It's, like, so deep right here.
It's in my space.
It's all over the grocery store.
Dude, I'm done, man.
I just want to leave.
We're going in.
- Alex!
- Buddy.
Why is it so wet in here?
Yeah.
Oh, Alex.
Your golden chariot awaits you.
Look at you in bed.
- You good dog?
- I'm all right, man.
You look like a defeated man.
Yeah, I busted the pool.
How does one bust a pool?
So I was driving by to drop off
some pallets, and I tried to turn,
and it just turned the complete
opposite way. I was like.
No!
So all this got wet?
How many more weeks
do you have left?
Weeks?
I'm just taking it
day by day right now.
Depends how much longer I can go.
So if you just see
like a spider in your bed
tomorrow, you're leaving?
Oh, a hundred percent. Yeah.
I don't think he has many days left.
This is ending soon.
You guys want to come hang out
for a little bit?
- Heck no.
- You're depressing.
This is what the store looked like
when Alex started the challenge.
And this is what it looks like now.
So day 44.
It's almost dark outside.
Jimmy hasn't come by today.
I have stuff I need to sell.
I'm just going to move
this stuff to the back.
Hopefully somebody brings me
the $10,000 today.
Maybe they just forgot or something.
It's really lonely in here.
I'm just going to
go sit in my chair
till they bring me some money.
Yo, what?
Are you serious?
Are you there, Jimmy?
It's the first interaction
I get all day, and it's...
the freaking robot.
Thanks for the money.
Not even Jimmy
wants to come here for a minute.
That's how depressing this place is now.
Can't say I blame him,
honestly.
This sucks, man.
God, I'm freaking miss my family
so bad.
It's day 45.
And Chandler,
how would you say he's doing?
That is complete boredom.
He's just tapping the bat on the ground.
I would feel bad for him,
except he's won $450,000,
and he can leave whenever he wants,
so he'll be fine.
- Alex.
- Hey.
We were watching you on the cameras.
You looked very sad.
Yeah, I'm pretty bored.
Well, here's $10,000.
- So are you less bored?
- Helps a little.
How many weeks left you got?
Well, I don't even know
if I got an hour left, Jimmy.
Really? Here, let's go look
at your sea of money over here.
This is all the money
you've made so far.
450 grand.
Are you saying
you're content with it?
Give me one second.
I've got a surprise
that might help you decide.
What? Are you serious?
Hey babe.
What the heck?
Don't cry.
I can't help it.
Okay.
Why aren't you wearing your shoes?
And your shirt?
To be clear,
I didn't take his shoes.
I don't know why he's not wearing
shoes.
These are all the things that
this money's going to go toward.
- Isn't this crazy?
- I can't even wrap my head around it.
I feel like I could do another
five days.
Do you think it's worth it?
What's the verdict?
- We've weighed the options.
- Make tons of money.
Keep tons of money already made.
Honestly, it's not worth staying
and I’m leaving.
Okay, well,
then let's push the money out.
All right, Alex, the second
you step on the red, it's over.
I can move all the money back.
We can keep going.
It's your decision.
All right, bring it back in.
Okay, bring it back in.
Just kidding.
Let's go!
Alex spent 45 days in the store
and walked away with $450,000.
Can't believe this happened.
This is freaking sick.
Congratulations, Alex.
Shout out to Albertsons for helping us
fill the shelves.
You guys are amazing.
I'm going to go find him a shirt.
Also, if you're wondering
how we filmed this video
because we blew up
the earth earlier,
it was actually on the moon
the entire time.
Watch the laser
maze video if that's confusing.